# Rewrite Disclaimer
BrillianceUI is being rewritten for the 3rd time. `old/` is the first version, `split/` and `src/` are parts of the second version, and `v3/` is the new, third version.

Yes, it's chaotic right now. It's because I started rewriting v1 without ever releasing it, and am now doing the same with v2 to make it follow Material 3 guidelines.

# BrillianceUI
A multi-windowed Roblox UI library written by BrightShard. It supports Roblox clients,
servers, and UNC-supported Lua injectors.

This project uses Rojo - more information below.

- [Rewrite Disclaimer](#rewrite-disclaimer)
- [BrillianceUI](#brillianceui)
- [Using Brilliance](#using-brilliance)
- [Current Features](#current-features)
  - [Planned Features](#planned-features)
- [Reading the Source](#reading-the-source)
- [Rojo Stuff](#rojo-stuff)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)

# Using Brilliance
Docs coming soon™

# Current Features
- Multiple windows, toggleable with a keybind
- A few basic widgets (More coming soon™)
  - Labels
  - Buttons
- Styling/theming system

## Planned Features
- More widgets
  - Checkboxes
  - Sliders
  - Text input
  - Dropdowns
- Notification system
  - Feat. Smooth Animations™
- Better styling
  - Per-window, per-app, etc

# Reading the Source
The main script is in [`/src`](/src/), however the script is split into sections
in the [`/split`](/split/) directory.

The [`build.py`](/build.py) file takes the contents of the files in [`/split`](/split/)
and adds them together in this order:

1. [`globals.lua`](/split/globals.lua): Global variables
2. [`styles.lua`](/split/styles.lua): Styling for the widgets
3. [`tweens.lua`](/split/tweens.lua): Animations for the widgets
4. [`widget.lua`](/split/widget.lua): The base Widget class
5. [`widgets.lua`](/split/widgets.lua): All other widgets that inherit from Widget
6. [`wrappers.lua`](/split/wrappers.lua): The wrappers for each widget (to make developers' lives easier)
7. [`brilliance.lua`](/split/brilliance.lua): The main BrillianceUI wrapper, turning the nonsense into
a partially-useable library

The added files are then written to [`src/BrillianceUI/init.lua`](/src/BrillianceUI/init.lua)

# Rojo Stuff
Generated by [Rojo](https://github.com/rojo-rbx/rojo) 7.2.0.

## Getting Started
To build the place from scratch, use:

```bash
rojo build -o "BrillianceUI.rbxlx"
```

Next, open `BrillianceUI.rbxlx` in Roblox Studio and start the Rojo server:

```bash
rojo serve
```

For more help, check out [the Rojo documentation](https://rojo.space/docs).